presentation skills-
need-
1.preperation
2.structure
3.timing
4.form of language
5.visual aids/material


other areas-
1.Handling nervousness-helps to control the nervous system
2.rehersal
3.checklist-
4.feedback


debate-argument
acadamic debate-
1. to train in argumentation
2. to empower personal expression
3. to help in communication skills to be better
4. to become truely effective communication by becomming a effective listner
5. to improve your note taking skills that might be helpful in debate as well as in job and informal situation
6. to undeesand the role and the value of feedback
7. to appreciate the vital lesrning that can arise from feedback and to developed how you deal with criticism in productive way. 


listening and feedback
1)focusing on listening skill
2.you will get more things done right the first time.
3.you will learn more
4.other people will listen to you
5.your workplace will be more harmonious

what is feedback
1.to help to do the things more better
2.to help to correct your deliverd information into the correct way.
3.it helps to you get more energies and todo work with more energy.
4.it will help you to work more efficiently and other areas to be changed.

Intellectual cost-
1.group think-the tendancy of group to confirm ,to  perceive majority view.

2.escalataion of commitment-the tendancy of group to become more commited to their plans and strategies-even ineffectve once over a time.

3.Transparency of illusion-the tendancy of group members to believe their thoughts,attitudes and reasons more than actual in the case.

4.common information effect-the tendency of group to focus on info all members share & ignore unique info. however relevent.

strategies-
1.to increase the craetivity and productivity of grp.
2.preced grp brain storming with a period of indivisual brain storming.
3.encourage grp members to reflect on and highlight their contribution in periodic self evaluation.
4.Assign roles to grp members to reduce confirmity and push the grp intellectually.

roles of group members-
1.faciliator
2.recorder-
take notes of summerising 
3.repoerter-serve as a grp spoke person,summerizing a grp activity and conclusion
4.time keeper-keep the grp aware of time
constarints and deadline and make sure meeting start at time
5.devils advocate-resist counter argument and objection,introduces alternative explainatation and solution.
6.harmonious zone-strives to create a harmonious and positive team atmosphere and which consensus
7.prioritizer-make sure grp focuses on most imp issues and does not cot up in details. 
8.explorer-seek to uncover new potential in situation and people.
9.innovator-encourage imagination and contribution new anfd alternative perspective ideas.
10.checker-checks to make sure all grp memebers understand concepts and grp conclusion.
11.wildcard-assume the role of any missing member and fills  it whenever needed.







 



















